Mention manuals in README (#186)
VladNegara/RAiSD-AI-GUI: README.md

python -m gui.app
```

> This command will open the GUI. For more information about using the gui, see the [User manual](/gui/USER.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will open the GUI. For more information about using the GUI, see the [User manual](/gui/USER.md)
```

### Developing the GUI

> For more information on the GUI codebase and how you can work on it yourself, see the [Developer reference](/gui/DEVELOPER.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the GUI codebase and how you can contribute, see the [Developer reference](/gui/DEVELOPER.md)
```

Maybe sounds better? Especially given other people may be reading these docs.
